com.atakmap.android.sarus.plugin.SARUSPluginLifecycle
com.atakmap.android.sarus.plugin.SARUSPluginTool
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$color: int darker_gray
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$color: int white
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$dimen: int fontSize
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$drawable: int sarus
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int ScrollView
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int battery
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int btn_3D
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int btn_MissionControl
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int btn_Unit
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int btn_button
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int btn_enable
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int btn_geoFence
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int btn_home
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int btn_https
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int btn_livefeed
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int btn_marker
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int btn_start
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int btn_waypoint
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int debugText
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int in_GPS
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int in_GPS_Model
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int in_URL
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int layout_3D
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int layout_Buttons
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int layout_LiveFeed
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int layout_MissionControl
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int layout_Principal
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int layout_Unit
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int layout_nav
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int liveText
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int status
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int textView
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int textView2
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int textView3
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int textView4
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$id: int unit_name
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$layout: int main_layout
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int ExtractGeoFence
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int GPS
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int addOne
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int app_desc
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int app_name
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int coords
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int create_model
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int downloadPath
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int enable
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int home
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int liveFeedDescription
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int livefeed
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int marker
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int menu
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int missionControl
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int model_file
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int start
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int threeDMap
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int toggle
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int unit
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$string: int waypoint
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$style: int ATAKEditText
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$style: int ATAKPluginTheme
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$style: int ATAKSpinner
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$style: int ATAKSpinnerItem
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$style: int ATAKTheme
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$style: int AppTheme
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$style: int FullDropdownStyle
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$style: int darkButton
com.atakmap.android.sarusplugin.plugin.R$style: int unpaddedButton
